Celestial Storm	,	a magical battleaxe which was created by the dwarves of the great dominion of Nulukkhur.	,	1	,	b	,	1
Drakelance	,	a masterwork spear which was taken from the Temple of Infernal Secrets.	,	1	,	e	,	1
Elysian Triumph	,	a finely crafted quarterstaff engraved with runes of death. It is said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.	,	1	,	x	,	1
Steelthorn	,	a magical shortbow which was taken from the barrow of the vampire Vanda.	,	1	,	b	,	1
Chaoscutter	,	a magical greatsword said to compel its bearer to defend Dolothler	,	1	,	e	,	1
Frostrazor	,	an ornate longsword engraved with runes of power. It is said to be the key to open the Lost Vaults of Kas the Bloody.	,	1	,	x	,	1
Luminous Fate	,	a masterwork rapier engraved with runes of death. It was taken from the hoard of the dragon Sunazuu.	,	1	,	b	,	1
Drakereaver	,	a magical greatsword engraved with runes of vengeance. It was taken from the hoard of the dragon Abum.	,	1	,	e	,	1
Wicked Destiny	,	a masterwork greatsword which once belonged to the elf ranger Orod	,	1	,	x	,	1
Demonfang	,	a magical longbow engraved with runes of destruction. It was taken from the sepulcher of the vampire Sarniva.	,	1	,	b	,	2
Sublime Violence	,	a mythical trident which once belonged to the illustrious hero Burga	,	1	,	e	,	2
Profane Devastator	,	a mythical hammer set with amber. It is said to be the key to open the Lost Sanctum of the Vampire Queen.	,	1	,	x	,	2
Frostpiercer	,	a finely crafted rapier said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.	,	1	,	b	,	2
Skullrazor	,	a masterwork scythe which was created by the dwarves of the great realm of Badinal.	,	1	,	e	,	2
Eternal Cruelty	,	a finely crafted rapier which once belonged to the human ranger Wene Rete	,	1	,	x	,	2
Foeclaw	,	a magical halberd engraved with runes of destruction. It is said to be imbued with the spirit of the dwarf hero Kheli	,	1	,	b	,	2
Empyrean Storm	,	a finely crafted greatsword inlaid with hepatizon. It is said to compel its bearer to defeat Sama the Deranged.	,	1	,	e	,	2
Fiendish Champion	,	a magical greatsword said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.	,	1	,	x	,	2
Malevolent Predator	,	a masterwork mace said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.	,	1	,	b	,	2
Flamebiter	,	a finely crafted crossbow which was taken from the hoard of the dragon Hadnamzu.	,	2	,	e	,	2
Fiendthorn	,	a finely crafted longbow said to have once belonged to a forgotten god of war.	,	2	,	x	,	2
Windtooth	,	an ornate crossbow said to compel its bearer to defeat the Vampire of the Monge March.	,	2	,	b	,	2
Lawcrusher	,	an ornate morningstar which was taken from the Cyst of the Wraith Duke.	,	2	,	e	,	2
Frosttooth	,	an ornate crossbow engraved with runes of vengeance. It once belonged to the legendary archer Rainarv	,	2	,	x	,	2
Chaoscleaver	,	an ornate longsword engraved with the holy symbol of a war god. It was created by a god of war for his most loyal warlord.	,	2	,	b	,	2
Fiendtooth	,	a masterwork dagger inlaid with mithral. It was taken from the Secret Barrow of Aduchar the Fiendish.	,	2	,	e	,	2
Goblinspear	,	a legendary crossbow engraved with runes of justice. It is said to be imbued with the spirit of the dwarf hero Hori	,	2	,	x	,	3
Hearthammer	,	a finely crafted quarterstaff engraved with runes of death. It is said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.	,	2	,	b	,	3
Riverbreaker	,	a masterwork quarterstaff which once belonged to the great fighter Moca	,	2	,	e	,	3
Verminclaw	,	a masterwork greatsword said to be imbued with the spirit of the legendary fighter Daisa	,	2	,	x	,	3
Warspear	,	a legendary longbow which once belonged to the halfling warrior Jago	,	2	,	b	,	3
Skyblade	,	a finely crafted scythe which was taken from the hoard of the dragon Naki.	,	2	,	e	,	3
Riverbiter	,	a mythical shortbow engraved with runes of vengeance. It is said to have been created to slay the Hydra of the Icewall Mountains.	,	2	,	x	,	3
Verminpiercer	,	a magical lance which was created by the dwarves of the great empire of Zinbaraz.	,	2	,	b	,	3
Elysian Triumph	,	a finely crafted spear engraved with runes of power. It once belonged to the elf paladin Elrophin	,	2	,	e	,	4
Malevolent Victory	,	a legendary battleaxe said to lead the one who wields it to wealth and glory.	,	2	,	x	,	4
Baatorian Storm	,	a magical dagger engraved with the holy symbol of a war god. It once belonged to the human hero Saethra	,	2	,	b	,	4
Demonthorn	,	an ornate longbow which was taken from the hoard of the dragon Attenlid.	,	2	,	e	,	4